[IMP] pos: Reach 100car/line & update text, screenshot, structure (#4558)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/shop/barcode.rst

-------------

You can also use a barcode scanner to log your employees. To do so, :ref:`restrict access

> <employee_login/configuration>` to the POS and :ref:`use barcodes to log your employees in
> <employee_login/badge>` your POS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<employee_login/configuration>` to the POS and :ref:`assign badge IDs to your employees
<employee_login/badge>` for logging into into your POS.
```

Author: This change shouldn't be made in 16.0, but on previous versions (since this PR targets 16.0 and not for this page, I can only make the minimum change to avoid conflict)
